README.md, before:

# Read Me First
Demonstrate NoSQL using Redis and Mongo as the starting point

# Key Concepts

# Tools used
| Tool | Used for | commands 
| ----------- | ----------- |------
| *[WSL2](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10) | To enable Linux toolset on Windows 
| *[Ubuntu](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/ubuntu/9nblggh4msv6) | Linux environment to keep Windows and Mac with similar tools 
| *[Terminal](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/windows-terminal/9n0dx20hk701) | Real Terminal for Windows 
| [SDKMan](https://sdkman.io/) | Simplifies switching between JDKs and SDKs | sdk install java 17.0.8-tem<br/>sdk install gradle<br/> sdk install maven
| [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com) | Code Editor  

*recommended for Windows only.  However you can install JDK and VSCode without WSL<br/><br/>
## VSCode extensions
**<i>Be sure to install it on WSL</I> if using WSL
| Extension | Used for 
| ----------- | ----------- 
| [Remote Development](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.vscode-remote-extensionpack) | To work with WSL
| [Java IDE Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pverest.java-ide-pack) | To work with Java

# Reference Documentation
The following guides illustrate how to use some features concretely:

* [NoSQL - Redis](https://spring.io/guides/gs/messaging-redis/)
* [NoSQL - Mongo](https://spring.io/guides/gs/accessing-data-mongodb/)

Commit message:

Code and comment clean up

README.md, after:

# Read Me First
Demonstrate NoSQL using Redis and Mongo as the starting point

# Key Concepts

# Tools used
| Tool | Used for | commands 
| ----------- | ----------- |------
| *[WSL2](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10) | To enable Linux toolset on Windows 
| *[Ubuntu](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/ubuntu/9nblggh4msv6) | Linux environment to keep Windows and Mac with similar tools 
| *[Terminal](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/p/windows-terminal/9n0dx20hk701) | Real Terminal for Windows 
| [SDKMan](https://sdkman.io/) | Simplifies switching between JDKs and SDKs | sdk install java 17.0.8-tem<br/>sdk install gradle<br/> sdk install maven
| [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com) | Code Editor  

*recommended for Windows only.  However you can install JDK and VSCode without WSL<br/><br/>
## VSCode extensions
**<i>Be sure to install it on WSL</I> if using WSL
| Extension | Used for 
| ----------- | ----------- 
| [Remote Development](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ms-vscode-remote.vscode-remote-extensionpack) | To work with WSL
| [Java IDE Pack](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=pverest.java-ide-pack) | To work with Java
| [Mongo VS Code](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=mongodb.mongodb-vscode) | To work with Mongo
| [Redis](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=Dunn.redis) | To work with Redis

# Reference Documentation
The following guides illustrate how to use some features concretely:

* [NoSQL - Redis](https://spring.io/guides/gs/messaging-redis/)
* [NoSQL - Mongo](https://spring.io/guides/gs/accessing-data-mongodb/)
